Mr. Jiang's son's birthday brought such a big project
Double happiness.
Congratulations congratulations
Hahaha Mr. Jiang
You have a sincere invitation from Huacan Group.
Rise to fame in the future
But don't forget about our partners.
Don't worry.
Wait until I lower the price and make it big
The benefits of this partner are indispensable.
Hahaha
It seems
Dad has already got the project of Huacai Group
Chairperson Jiang's cooperation has been signed
With this collaboration
The Jiang family is bound to respect the young master
That's not enough.
Today is my grandson's birthday
Prepare the treasures of the world now
Shares in Huacan Group
Send to birthday party
I want my grandson to be honored in the entire business empire
To make up for the lack of company for him for more than 20 years is
Hahaha sir
It's time for a birthday cake for my son's birthday, oh yes yes
Serve the cake haha
Sister, it's my 25th birthday this year.
Why is she only missing 22 candles?
You'll find out later
Today is my brother's birthday.
I'm the eldest sister
Send a Patek Philippe watch.
Patek Philippe watch is worth 1 million wow
My brother doesn't own a car yet.
My birthday present to my brother
The latest Porsche sports cars
The latest Porsche sports car is worth 3 million 3 million
Blood is thicker than water.
They gave me such an expensive gift again
Welcome Me Home
Let's completely turn over the previous unpleasantness
Grandpa's son's birthday today
You can also come on stage and say a few words. Um, hahaha, okay.
I've been busy with my career all these years
Didn't spend a decent birthday with my son
I've always felt guilty
Feel son
He must also blame me for not being able to accompany him well
But I was on the verge of death some time ago.
It was my son who donated his bone marrow to the fight.
And I'm here in front of you today.
Solemnly say thank you to my son
Thank you for donating your bone marrow to me
I also want to say sorry to you.
I hope this birthday present of mine
Can you forgive your father for all these years?
The absence of your company
How father and son love each other
I wonder what kind of gift Jiang will always give?
Today I decided to
Take all the properties of the Jiang family as birthday gifts
For my son
salute
Ah!